Carry On Luggage
Hand Baggage is accepted in the cabin subject to the availability of space in the overhead bin or under the Customer’s seat. In the event where a hand bag is over-sized or over-weight, Star Air may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the Baggage compartment (called as baggage retrievals) of the aircraft prior to take-off. In such cases, a Customer’s Hand Baggage will be specially tagged and returned upon arrival, and the same can be collected from the conveyor belts where Checked Baggage is normally received. In the event the Hand Baggage is transferred to the Baggage compartment due to increased weight over and above what is permissible for Hand Baggage, Customer shall be liable to make payment of the excess baggage at then applicable rate per kilo gram.

As per Airlines policy and Civil Aviation norms and guidelines, travelling Customers may carry one Hand Baggage of maximum 7 Kg’s (this will be including Laptop). In case hand baggage is found to be overweight at the boarding gate a flat rate of Rs. 300/- per kg per sector (inclusive of GST) would be charged towards excess hand baggage.

Items determined by us to be of excessive weight or size, or of an offensive nature, will not be permitted on board. Subject to the prevalent applicable local laws and regulations, Customers may take liquids on board in their Hand Baggage, subject to screening and security checks, and provided they meet the following restrictions:

The liquid is in a container with a maximum volume of 100ml.
All liquid containers meeting the maximum volume of 100ml each can be fitted comfortably into a transparent, re-sealable 1 litre plastic bag.

Excess baggage
Book excess baggage units in advance and get good prices

On our flights, you can carry up to 1 Bag of 15 kilograms as free baggage. Those who wish to book excess baggage can do so at the time of ticket booking or through any of our booking channels.

Booking of extra Baggage - Booking excess baggage on booked flights is also available to our customers by opting our time to time offers.

Excess Baggage charges at Check-in Counter - A fee of INR 500/- will be charged for every extra Kilogram of excess baggage exceeding the free limit is 1 Bag of 15Kgs.

