General Visa Guidelines for all Countries
Visa is the most crucial document for a traveller as it is the only document which can make your travel plans.

General Visa Guidelines for all Countries
Visa is the most crucial document for a traveller as it is the only document which can make your travel plans.

1. Documentation: You will need clear documentation while you apply for a visa. Your passport is the most important document you will need. Make sure that your passport is valid for six months post your travel dates. If your passport is about to expire, your chances of getting a visa are almost nil. Many countries will also ask you to come for an interview or to provide your biometrics.

2. Start at the beginning: You need to be clear about your travel dates. Almost all the consulates will ask you to submit your travel dates.

3. You will need to apply for a visa at least one month in advance. You need to remember that each country has its own procedure and time frame for visa clearance. So make sure that you have enough time on hand just in case the consulate asks for additional documentation. While a Schengen visa may take only a week or so, a visa to Canada takes up to 35-40 working days.

4. If you are applying for a visitor visa, you will need to show your personal ﬁnancial records along with your itinerary number, Insurance , accommodation etc.

5. A business visa, on the other hand, will require an invitation from the counterpart and you will need to furnish your company records, along with a company letter for the same.

6. While applying for a student visa, you will need to show your college admission documents along with your ﬁnancials. One of the major requirements for a student visa is student travel insurance.

7. A point to remember is that if the consulate feels that they need further documentation, they will send you an invitation asking for additional details. You can read through a checklist of common documents that are a must for applying for a visa to any country on our blog.

Our specialised Visa department offers proficient and value-enhanced Visa services which ensure timely delivery of your Visa. Our Visa experts are professionals with several years of experience and excellent knowledge on Visa regulations for various countries.

The following checklist of common documents is a must for applying (or getting) a visa to any country:

Passport (current and old)Passport size photographs (at least 2)Birth Certificate (with name of both parents)Visa forms from the respective consulatesPurpose of visitFinancial Documents (Bank Statements/Taxation Documents)Marriage Certificate (if applicable)Professional and academic documents
So, keep these things in mind and plan your trip well in advance to avoid last minute complications and hassles.